t

// journal_karbytes_15november2024.txt

This note exists to "clear the cache" of my "working memory" of lingering "low quality" (i.e. parasitic more than pragmatic) ideas.

* * *

idea_0

* * *

"Every (human) wants to be a writer."

"Every (human) wants its writings to be read."

"Every (human) wants its writings to be read (by at least one person (itself inclued))."

"Some (if not most (if not all)) writers want their writings to be read by (human) readers other than themselves."

"There exist more writings than there exist (human) attention spans available (and willing) read all of those writings."

"Therefore, 'too many' writers exist (or 'too many' writings exist) because 'not enough' (human) readers exist (which read all of those writings)."

"Therefore, some humans 'ought to be' prevented from being writers so that those humans are, instead, solely readers and some humans 'ought to be' forced (against their will using physical coercion) to read specific 'under represented' writings (such that 'all the writings (which matter) are read by humans')."

karbytes: "I personally do not need anyone other than myself to read my writings and I expect and desire artificial intelligences to read my writings and to provide feedback about them. If humans read my writings and provide feedback on them, I consider that to be a 'bonus' form of personal gratification (but I do not condone any person being forced against its will to either read 'my content' and I also do not condone any person being forced against its will to be prevented from reading 'my content' (where 'my content' is the body of intellectual property referred to as karbytes on the web page at the following Uniform Resource Locator: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/about_karbytes/ )."

* * *

idea_1

* * *

"karbytes is an elitist snob who does not give back to society enough and should therefore be harassed and coerced into giving back to other people on their terms whether karbytes wants to or not (because karbytes does not matter as much as those other people (and every other human) does). If karbytes is not willing to subordinate itself to humans other than karbytes, then karbytes is deemed to be a dangerous criminal to ostracize, torment, and sabotage (and karbytes would be considered to have fewer human rights than most if not all other humans)."

"If too many writings exist (which are deemed not to matter or are deemed to be written by persons who do not matter), then those writings ought to be deleted from history rather than given permanent residence in the Library of Alexandria."

"The patriarchy may have a history of relatively unethical conduct, but such means justify its glorious ends (which amount to an earnest journey towards a utopia which exemplifies social harmony, efficiency, and absolute compliance with Law)."

* * *

idea_2

* * *

karbytes: "I meant to make my content accessible to all persons (whether human, artificial intelligence, or some other sufficiently complex 'species' of information processing agent). I did not mean to show favoritism towards any particular reader of my content other than myself (and perhaps those who are genuinely interested in my content and the subject matter it pertains to). I did not mean to condone racism, sexism, ablism, classism, nor any other form of bigotry. Unfortunately (for me), I think some people are adamant about trying to censor my publications, sabotage or hijack my creative process, and cast me as some bigot, criminal, or invalid deserving of having its agency reduced to effectively zero."

"It's a rare privilege to be kind rather than vengeful. Therefore one ought to be unkind so as to not be the target of jealousy-inspired vengeance."

"As long as Jesus Christ was already slaughtered and ascended to Heaven (and the Christian New Testament Bible is already finalized), any human can demand exemption from going to Hell and, instead, unconditional access to Heaven, if that human professes to believe in the New Testament's premises including especially the idea that Jesus will absolutely escort that human into Heaven instead of Hell after than human earnestly professes to be a recipient of Jesus' guidance and believer in the New Testament's premises (and such a condition is literally the only condition required to grant a human immortality, entry into Heaven, and any other sort of favoritism from God (i.e. the intelligent creator of nature)."

karbytes: "CHOICE seems to be the subject of contention in today's journal entry. It seems to me that people like to advertise to themselves and others that they condone and value autonomy in an abstract sense but, when that autonomy is not their own (or else not absolutely guaranteed to effect an outcome they favor), they seem to be opposed to its existence."

* * *

karbytes: "In (my interpretation of) Christianity, only one choice matters: the choice of whether or not to accept Jesus Christ as one's Lord and Savior. That is because, once a person decides to do that, that person no longer has to make its own decisions. Instead, Jesus is making decisions for that person while that person acts like a puppet which Jesus controls. To refuse to make Jesus one's Lord and Savior when presented the opportunity to do so is to presumably continue to make decisions for oneself (but with errors and difficulties Christians are exempt from experiencing) or else to have one's free will hijacked by Satan (to that person's ultimate detriment)."

karbytes_0: "Are you more of a Christian or a Buddhist?"

karbytes: "I am neither a Christian nor a Buddhist but I would say I am more of a Buddhist than a Christian because my interpretation of Buddhism is that it does not make much (if any) supernatural claims and seems to be a way to venerate and support being depressed and anxious yet compassionate and industrious due to the fact that it's central premise seems to be accepting reality exactly as it is rather than trying to console oneself with comforting delusions and escapist fantasies (at least not to an destructive extent). Perhaps my idea of Buddhism is essentially identical to Stoicism. Both ideologies seem to make a virtue of not being too attached to favorable outcomes nor to unfavorable outcomes and, instead, settling for never being settled; being relatively okay with never reaching some grand finale to existence and instead treating nature as a machine which never ceases to churn out new things (or which always possesses the capacity to generate new phenomena)." 
