t

// journal_karbytes_14november2024.txt

karbytes_0: "What am I supposed to do now; get kicked out of my house and take a homeless person's spot?"

karbytes_1: "No. You are supposed go stand your ground and fight for your home."

karbytes_0: "I am literally putting a fight simply not fighting with people trying to pick a fight with me while I'm just trying to mind my own business and not bother anyone."

karbytes_1: "That's okay. They just think you need to be prevented from doing whatever your business is if it makes you look and feel richer than those other people believe you deserve to be. They think everyone needs the patriarchy's permission and support to attain what they consider to be luxuries and that you ought to be treated like a poor, downtrodden, and low-ranking outsider."

karbytes_0: "Such people even seem to be vehemently opposed to me getting a decent amount of quality sleep and holding down a job." 

karbytes_1: "Such people don't think you deserve to advance yourself and, instead, deserve to be held back and worn down so that you are easier for the patriarchy to exploit for its ends; not your own selfish agenda which is not about keeping the patriarchy firmly instated (such that men lord over women and war, overpopulation (which fuels the need for war competition over scarce resources), and ecological degradation ensures that the patriarchy's most favored people are the only ones who get to enjoy a decent standard of living while everyone else is implicitly left to die or to be enslaved, tortured, et cetera."

karbytes: "Hello. This is karbytes breaking 'the fourth wall' here in order to tell whoever is reading this note that this note is not intended by its author to be a 'call to action' other than perhaps merely allowing things and people to be exactly as they are (i.e. accepting reality as it really is instead of fretting over it not being a particular way). This is not to say I intend for one to absolve itself of agency. Instead, I am suggesting that agency be seen more as an involuntary time-bound process of elimination (in terms of 'possible worlds' which are, for that one (information processing agent) materialized into seemingly one (and only one) 'actual world') and that one might as well enjoy the ride through the hypothetical multiverse instead of get too bogged down by ideology about how one ought to think and behave to derive sufficient enjoyment in life to not want to end one's life in suicide. (I am not by any means suicidal. Instead, I am quite the opposite; I want to live forever because I think, given infinitely many seconds to live, I will eventually figure out how to be relatively (if not absolutely) omnipotent and relatively (if not absolutely) omniscient)."

karbytes: "Blue collar men are my biggest enemies. They seem to inconvenience me and harass me more than any other demographic on average. I think that demographic most characterizes what I feel the patriarchy is (and the patriarchy is basically a 'pecking order' (i.e. social hierarchy) which favors those who wield their ability to apply brute force to get what they want over those who do not have as much of that kind of 'power' to wield). This is not to say white collar men or women are exempt from being formidable brute force wielders or from indirectly reinforcing patriarchal civilization norms. This journal entry is very unprocessed and immediately from my (likely prejudiced) thoughts instead of more carefully curated for factual accuracy, factual completeness, and relevance."
